Hey,
what's going on?
It's bill burr and it's time for the Monday morning podcast for Monday,
January 4th,
2016 a brand new year.
Brand New Year.
Brand new you or you couldn't make the changes since you've always wanted to
make,
where are you going to stop telling yourself you're going to change?
It actually got their change.
I always loved the pressure at the beginning of the new year it'd be like,
ah,
you know this,
that one great thing,
right?
Like what you're,
you're like,
it's shaken off the last year.
You know?
Like,
I don't know who the fuck that guy was.
Right.
Like lying these self like you're not the same person fucking one minute later
when it becomes a new year or you do the real childish thing as you blame
everybody else for your own fucking problems.
You know,
can't wait for this year to be over men.
She spent so much fucking bullshit to share.
It's been like the worst fucking year.
I can't wait for the next fucking year.
It's like,
dude,
what are you going to change?
Anything.
You're going to break up with the person.
Are you going to stop getting drunk and being a Dick and picking fights in a
bar,
right.
Ah,
all of that shit.
Oh,
you just gotta think that magically because this is six there now instead of a
five,
that all of a sudden the world's going to change.
You don't have to adjust.
Oh,
am I reprimanding somebody right now?
I think I am.
I don't know why.
I have no idea why I'm recording this.
Uh,
about eight 30 in the morning,
last Congolese time,
my wife's still sleeping downstairs,
so I gotta I gotta try to stay at medium energy.
Okay.
Medium energy here,
um,
for the rest of this fucking podcast.
Um,
okay.
But whatever,
I'm kind of,
I gotta be honest with you.
I went to bed last night and I was sad.
I love the holidays and I'm sad that they're fucking over.
I had another great,
you know,
holiday break and to think that it's all going to fucking start over again.
You know,
here we go.
Okay.
Another fucking year doing the road right and shit and do it.
All this stuff here we fucking go again.
The whole thing just got just totally overwhelming with me and I was just
fucking laying in bed,
you know?
And you know when you do fucking look too far ahead into your fucking life,
um,
okay.
You know,
it just gets too fucking overwhelming.
And then maybe you start here in the same that,
you know what song I always hear in my head,
I would say that's that song.
Make the world go away.
Sub Did sub data,
get it off my shoulders.
Um,
that's what I feel like the most pathetic emotion you could have.
Make the world go away and you just get to go in there and just pout,
you know?
Okay.
I gotta ask a question about depression.
Is it actually a chemical thing or is that just an adult world word?
Okay.
For like somebody who's just kind of sorta pounding,
you know,
I think a lot of times when people go,
I'm depressed,
it's just you,
you're just kind of feeling sorry for yourself.
And you know the ones that say it's like a chemical imbalance.
He just like you just shift your head really quickly.
The chemicals go back the other way and you'll cheer up.
You know,
don't believe the mainstream media,
you know,
in all the pharmaceutical companies with their drugs,
man.
Is there anything funnier that would somebody who's not a fucking doctor,
you know,
just starts going on and on about it.
You want me to tell you something man,
I'm telling you.
All you gotta do is just go up,
walk up to an oak tree,
can't be a parched,
can't be a maple.
Go Up to an oak tree and just bite on the little sapling.
He just not right.
You got a little piece of bark and you stick it between,
you just like chew you just stick it between your ego and all of that and you
depression will go away.
Yeah,
it is true.
It is true.
The native American choose to do it and they were never depressed.
That's what they used to do until the white man came and took the bark away.
Now look at them all grumpy.
Just like the white man cause they,
cause they couldn't get any more saplings with the tree bark there.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
first he and his wife left yesterday so the house is empty again.
It just stinks man.
I was having a great fucking time and join it.
Now it's going,
I off fucking starts over again.
Um,
Marie starting a year off my office is a fucking mess,
you know,
and I'm the worst.
I can't find the sticker to put on my fucking license plate.
I know.
I got it.
I don't know where the fuck it is.
It just,
it all starts over again.
Just fun.
Time's over.
Fun Time is over.
And you know what?
We still got the Christmas tree up because Nia liked it extra a lot this year.
So I still have to,
I still have to go through that sad fucking operation,
bringing that God damn thing outside.
And I told you I disposed that thing like a fucking mob hit.
You're never going to find the body.
But fucking neighbor already through his right out on the street,
just tosses it out there.
Right.
Some dead hooker.
You know what I mean?
Cut The fucking thing up and you put it in the barrel.
That's what you do.
I get my and my,
the green barrel,
right?
We got the green barrels out here and that's just like grass clippings and all
that shit.
I have a whole fucking Christmas tree and then the lid closes completely.
You'd have no fucking idea.
I mean come on people.
How difficult is it?
Get cut all the branches off.
They need just left with the trunk and then he just section it up that says drop
the thing.
Right.
The fuck in there.
It's not a problem.
What you safety goggles,
you know,
so nobody can see you cry and as you're doing it,
I don't understand what the fucking problem is.
The God damn it.
Get out there or dispose of the fucking tree correctly.
Um,
environmentally,
wouldn't it be more correct if you just sort of spread it across your,
the tree is just going to end up in a landfill or even worse out in the ocean.
They don't block at the,
Oh shit.
Um,
I can't wait to get to this fucking thing later on in this podcast with this
guy.
He's trying to claim that the,
uh,
the earth can sustain 100 billion people.
I really cannot see.
I cannot wait to,
I just glanced at it and looked at it then.
It's just,
I,
I just how the fuck you,
you will arrive at that number.
And I actually tried to find shit.
I started looking up how many fucking people the Earth can sustain.
And uh,
what I immediately found was that nobody could say for certain,
but the numbers estimated we're nowhere near a hundred million fucking people.
I had a billion.
Sorry.
So I cannot wait to read this guy somehow claiming that there's enough farmland.
Yeah.
To feed a hundred fucking
okay.
Billion people,
I don't know.
Okay.
Do we stack each other on top of one another?
And even then,
do elephants get to roam free anymore?
Where are all the fucking animals?
Um,
if there was 100 billion people on the planet,
I would think that cannibalism would slowly start to become legal.
They would have a Beta of foreign people or stock people,
that's what they call them.
And they would be simply be
used for food,
you know?
Okay.
We just,
you know,
and of course it would be,
uh,
you know,
the evil white man would decide who it is that gets eaten first.
You know,
baby,
they'd start with like the pygmies or something like that because it'd be like,
all right,
well,
you know,
they're,
uh,
they are of a particular race,
but they're not as tall as most people in that race.
So,
you know,
there's sort of bite size.
They're like sliders,
sliders still.
Like she would sliders,
you know,
get a little honey bun,
stick a fucking ankle between the two.
Right.
Why would you do an ankle ankle meet?
Um,
so anyways,
I've,
I still feel fucked up from the Rose Bowl,
man.
I still don't know.
I barely got any sleep with Paul being out here.
And then we also performed new years eve,
uh,
down the Orpheum and I bought this suit to wear New Year's Eve.
I found it like over the summertime.
It was just all white suit.
Okay.
Jacket and pants.
But you know,
from,
from a distance it reads all white.
But when you come up to it,
it had these tiny black polka dots,
you know what I mean?
Just tiny.
And uh,
I walked into this store and it was on like the fucking 70% off rack because
it's really one of those things like,
where the fuck are you ever gonna wear that?
And I saw,
I was like,
that's a perfect suit for fucking new year's.
You put the black fucking solid black shirt underneath.
They were little black pocket square,
right?
Then you walk out there like John Travolta,
but [inaudible] where you can't tell by the way I tell jokes,
I'm a fucking heck no time for originality.
I'm sorry.
Fucking shit jokes for me.
The jokes,
I don't like to use concepts.
I don't know.
Anyways,
so that was once again me standing to the side of the stage going like,
uh,
I am either go that people either going to like this suit or I'm going to get
heckled the entire time I'm out here.
But either way,
either way it's going to add to the fucking show.
But,
uh,
as I predicted it was new years,
I addressed the soup.
I said this is the only night I could wear it.
And people left and it was a,
uh,
it was a great fucking time,
great old theater.
And uh,
I had a bunch of people come out,
um,
a bunch of friends,
you know,
people I hadn't seen it a couple of years.
People don't,
you know,
kind of in my life.
It was awesome man.
I love doing new year's out here in La Cause uh,
I don't have to travel or anything like that and I get to do the job I love to
do.
However,
I think that's the last New Year's Eve I'll do,
I think I'll do like the 30th next time because I got to tell you the second
show ends right by the way,
I had to do the down to like two jokes before my closing joke.
I was like halfway through this one pit than I've been trying to work on.
I kept fucking up the ending and I was going to try a new ending to it because
the ending was too sad for every fucking city in this nation other than Dallas,
Texas,
Dallas,
Texas.
Fucking enjoyed the shit out of the original ending.
Um,
and I'm right in the middle of that bit and I see that it's 1159 so then I had
to get out of the pit,
take a pause,
and then do the countdown,
and then the streamers came out.
Right.
Lovely.
Nia came out on stage,
gave me a kiss,
all the guys came,
you know,
we fucking waves and everything and then everybody gets off the stage and then I
had to go back into my act,
which was,
uh,
I dunno,
it just ended up being funny because it was really weird.
So anyways,
um,
we ended up doing the show and then as we leave,
we're stuck in this brutal traffic.
I'm like,
what the fuck?
They must have been something going on because we went downtown La.
That must have been something going on down at like la live or some shit down
there.
That's right near the staples center.
And then I fucking realized the next day it was motley crew's final show ever at
the staple center.
And um,
so I was like,
ah,
fuck,
that's the traffic we got stuck in.
And there's actually a clip up on youtube of,
you know,
Tommy Lee,
the drummer does,
he has a whole fucking rollercoaster attached to his drum kit where it turns
upside down and it goes out over the crowd and then comes back and all that
shit.
I mean,
the right there alone,
you know,
if you're the other members in the band,
you gotta be like,
dude,
this better be fucking worth it because the amount of money that's coming out of
our checks to fucking carry that rig out on the fucking road.
You know what I mean?
One of those overhead costs.
So I don't know if you guys have seen the video,
it's their last fucking show ever.
And the thing gets stuck.
It gets stuck.
And Tommy use upside down on this thing in this roadies scamper and up the side
of it,
like the fucking apes in planet of the apes when they run the golden gate
bridge,
right.
This scamper and up the side of this thing and Tommy's just subside down like,
what the fuck man?
The fuck it digs busted.
He's like,
hey la.
what do you look fuel okayed to sin when I'm hanging upside down in Los Angeles
and he's just hanging upside down.
Yeah,
it's the most excrutiatingly uncomfortable thing.
I've seen a perform I have to go through in a long time.
He dead.
What the fuck he could do?
I mean,
once you just go,
well fuck the roller coaster man,
and you're still hanging upside down.
I mean,
what do you do?
It's just fucking brutal.
And the fact that it happened on the very last show,
you know,
I don't want to start any infighting.
I know the band doesn't exist anymore,
but I think Vince Neil did it.
I think the lead singer,
probably all these years,
you know,
he's used to being out front and all the chicks dig it.
I'm,
you know,
walking around with his Barbie hair and all that.
And then all the drama goes all the way out over the crowd and everybody's
looking at him.
He maybe he got sick of it after all these years,
the amount of money that was coming out of his pay check to bring that fucking
loopty loop rollercoaster with the fucking drum kit in it.
And he probably would,
he probably said,
hey,
have you buddy look at that over there.
And then he just pulled a fuse.
Uh,
that doesn't make any sense.
Build any sabotaging his own show.
Wow.
You know,
I can have a fucking theory.
Somebody could just email me with no fucking links or anything whatsoever and
just tell me that the earth can sustain 100 billion people
anyways,
so we,
uh,
we're stuck in that traffic.
I didn't get home until like one 31 45,
fell asleep around two,
and then I had to be up at 10:00 AM 10:00 AM to five to then be outside for the
next 13 hours at the,
uh,
at the rose bowl this year we brought eight people.
And um,
one of my buddies who went there,
he just called it the goon parade and I gotta be honest with you.
Uh,
that's kind of what we were.
Um,
I don't remember so much of it.
I remember the whole game cause I just stopped drinking because I had to drive.
So I just remember walking to the stadium and after that I remember the entire
fucking game.
Um,
so I'll take you through what I remember.
So we fucking get there right.
First time ever.
We get this so fucking early.
They haven't even opened the gate yet.
So when we finally get in,
we're parked outside the VIP parking.
I mean we had like a five minute walk to the stadium was fucking tremendous.
And,
uh,
I remember Bart,
nick given me a Miller high life,
the big grin on his face,
cause we always had the Miller high life to start the day.
La had got his fucking,
well I had made it by the way he made it,
you know,
I'll never smile again.
Um,
he made it and uh,
he got all three of his fires going and getting ready for the breakfast
sandwiches.
And I want to say that I waited till after I had law heads.
Unbelievable breakfast sandwich.
It's the best breakfast sandwich I have every fucking year is that one.
And it was absolutely delicious.
And my favorite thing was looking over at first,
he,
after he was two bites in and I was like,
Hey Paul,
I go,
how's that breakfast sandwich?
And he just fucking shut me,
look like,
are you fucking kidding me?
So I was already site and I knew he was going to have a great time.
And um,
after that I was like,
Hey,
I'm like,
who wants a heater?
And everybody's like,
yeah,
right.
So he poured like fucking eight of them.
And I had these,
these,
those big square ice cubes,
I had made those and brought him over in a ziplock bag,
like a fucking,
you know,
key low a coke.
So I drop him into everybody's Plastic Cup in this so big,
they don't make it all the way down to the bottom of the glass.
So the booze is actually below the ice level and everybody's laughing.
I'm like,
well,
he just got a fucking,
he got to pour more booze in there and then you put your hand over the ice cube
and it'll melt down.
And that became the technique.
And then after that,
it just became like a slide shelf just to stuff.
I remember,
I remember a partner does this thing every year,
he gets off,
you know,
it gets out of the truck and he just screams at the top of his lungs.
Ladies and gentleman,
welcome to the grand daddy of all.
And everybody's always terrified,
sort of laughing,
whatever.
So these Iowa fans,
somebody just said,
oh,
we do not need that voice here.
And immediately we're not liking us.
And uh,
I don't know.
I think that for whatever reason they were really,
they were like,
I want to say older than me,
but I'm pretty fucking old at this point.
I'm 47 I think they were in their 50s and for whatever reason they were playing
Drake.
All right.
And it was like fucking seven in the morning and they're fucking,
music was louder than our music.
So we're sitting there,
the sun hasn't even come up yet and we'll listen to you.
You still call me on your cell phone,
you'll use to you.
You too.
And it's just was fucking with doing like,
Oh God,
I think I'd be playing that fucking song.
That song is like,
that's like,
there's a few songs that get played so much that you never need to hear them
again.
I think the original song was in the mood,
but I think Benny Goodman who was a Glenn Miller Dad,
Dad,
dad,
[inaudible].
I never need to hear that song ever again.
Right.
I'd say book ending for way back in the day to fucking,
right now it goes in the mood.
Glenn Miller and then a cell phone
by Drake.
I know when yet.
Yeah,
Gay Oli me.
What thing?
Oh,
he's such a bitch and that fucking song it's basically,
hey,
I used to just fuck you are used to I Yo yo and any she moves away and then he's
upset that the woman got on with their life.
Okay.
You know what a fucking he's,
is he one of those possessive guys who once he fuck something he feels like he
owns it for the rest of his life.
Let it go dude.
Yeah.
All you were doing was fucking her and now what?
Now you want her because she's not there anymore.
Yeah.
To come over and lick your balls and shape up your beard afterwards.
I mean fucking move on with your life drink.
Yo Yo yo Yo yo Yo.
So that's fucking going on and all I know and they were annoyed with how loud
bart,
nick yelled too.
I don't know what happens somewhere between the beer that shot in the breakfast
sandwich,
I glance over and the older guy is chirping and fucking Bart next year at
Barton.
Nick is just staring straight ahead.
Okay.
600 yard stare,
just standing there and I see the guy talk and talk and talk and,
and then I just see Joe just shrug his shoulders and be like,
wow,
you know,
I don't like your music.
And I gotta be honest with you.
I don't know what else he said.
But 10 minutes later those people were just gone and we never saw him again.
I don't know if they had like some VIP fucking,
you know,
Iowa Hawkeye he fucking barbecue thing,
that tent that they were going to,
I have no idea.
But we would die and laugh and they have one conversation with Joe,
like the hey,
do you mind keeping it down a little bit?
And Joe just gave him the deaths,
fucking,
you know,
the 600 yard stare and uh,
that was it.
They just fucking left.
So that problem was solved and we would throwing the football around [inaudible]
I remembered everything but forgot the bacon and uh,
what's his face like?
I was able to call an audible and he had some bison meat or something like that.
And Ed Bacon Grease figure that one out.
I don't know how the fuck he did it,
but um,
yeah,
yeah.
And everything was going great.
I was throwing the football around and then at some point I was just so fucking
hammered that I,
I fell down
and I was one of those drunk falls where it took me like 17 I started falling
and it took like 17 seconds for me to fall.
And the entire time I was saying,
I'm sorry,
uh,
it's now known.
Yeah.
It's now known as the,
I'm sorry,
fall.
And it took me so long to fall it just about everybody at the tailgates side.
And uh,
I think if what I happened was I was standing,
well I had had this tent,
you know,
one of those four post at 10 things I was standing underneath it.
And unbeknownst to me was right behind me was my cooler and all the other
coolers and all the bags of groceries sort of sprinkled out.
Right.
And I was talking and I did an about face to start walking and immediately
tripped over the first cooler.
All right.
And as I was trying to get my leg to an open area without stepping on hamburger
buns,
I just,
you know,
there wasn't any space to put my feet down and I was doing like,
it was almost like a wide receiver after they catch a football and they try to
stay in bounds a dance down the sidelines.
I was doing that but in between condiments and food and shit like that.
And I just,
I never regained my balance,
but I didn't go down.
I swear to God,
if it was probably real time was probably like a four second fall,
but that's a long time,
you know,
if you just fall,
Bam,
you're on the ground,
you know,
in under a second.
Right.
I would think depending,
unless you really short and you get there a little quicker.
So I just kept going.
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
And right is like my buddy Nate came over to try and stop me from falling.
I just,
I fucking landed on my back and I twisted my left knee and I hear the whole
place laughing and I was laughing evidently my last step,
I stepped in some avocado and slipped on that and I just fucking went down like
just thud right on my back.
I landed like a wrestler,
so it didn't even hurt where it was just my entire backside hit the ground at
the same time.
And um,
I remember talking about it later and I was like,
yeah,
but I didn't spill my drink.
I didn't spill my drink.
And every,
she's like,
yeah,
you did.
You did.
You spilled it all over the front of your jacket.
So,
um,
then I remember getting up the apple pies out.
Why?
Remember the brisket and the ribs being done in those were delicious.
Lie had killing it as always.
And then,
um,
okay,
I think I smoked a cigar next.
Yeah,
I smoked a cigar and then we had the apple pies and everybody freaked out and
they loved them.
And then I was,
yeah.
Then I smoked a cigar and I was like,
all right,
I gotta fucking sober up here because a good six hours the game will be over and
we'll be done.
And then I got to drive.
So,
um,
ah,
fuck.
Hang on a second.
Hang on.
Alright,
I'm back.
Sorry about that.
Had to blow my fucking nose.
So anyways,
so let me get into the A,
we get into the game and I still don't know his fucking name because I was
hammered.
Um,
the running back for Stanford just was why does we got to the stadium?
You already ran for a touchdown and then it was just like,
it was like a fucking Hollywood movie.
They couldn't stop this kid.
The kid even had another one.
He ran like 70 yards for a touchdown.
They had to bring it back.
They just couldn't fucking get the kid down.
Um,
and before you knew it,
it was like 28 to nothing,
28 to nothing.
Then it was 35 to nothing.
And we,
we still had like half,
half of the second quarter that the fucking gay was just over it.
It was the worst rose bowl game as far as being competitive that I've been to
slash the greatest individual performance I've ever seen.
We got to see that kid.
He set the record for the most all purpose yards ever in a rose bowl.
Um,
and this is the granddaddy of a mall.
It's the original roles.
Uh,
the original,
uh,
I guess bull game,
um,
even though the Yale Bulls,
the original bull stadium figure that one out anyways.
Um,
so we got to see that.
And fortunately during halftime I didn't have to watch the Stanford band.
Um,
which by the way,
it's just,
I mean,
it could,
you,
could they be more of a bunch of hipsters,
the whole,
the whole thing.
It's like they're mocking the halftime show yet,
not showing how you can improve it.
So there's like no risk.
He just sort of mocking the whole fucking thing.
Like,
which is to me,
classic hipster behavior.
To me that's the difference between nerds and hipsters.
You know what I mean?
It's like,
all right,
so you think what the,
the,
the standard way that a halftime show is done is too rigid.
So you guys are going to,
I just hate how the whole thing and said,
oh,
these guys are crazy.
Oh,
look at the guy with the fucking rainbow wig play in the drum.
what's he going to do?
I will think it's fucking dumb.
And then I just thought it was a badly made California look bad when they made
fun of the Iowa people with the whole,
uh,
you know,
farmers only.
And once again,
I don't know,
I don't know anybody in the Stanford band,
but it just seems like that classic,
I live near an ocean,
therefore I'm smarter than you.
There's something about people live on the coasts with their whole attitude
towards the middle of the countries,
the funniest fucking thing ever to me,
like flyover state and Blahblahblahblahblah and all that.
It's like those fucking people that you're sitting there and making fun of,
you know,
the farmers old,
hey,
why don't you go out there and go fuck your sister?
It's like you,
you mean the people who grow the food supply for this country?
You fucking dope.
What are you doing with that?
With the flute?
Oh look at the cool kid with the clarinet.
I Dunno.
I thought it was a hacky joke and um,
I dunno.
You know what I mean?
Look,
if you guys look,
you know,
just decided to trash one another,
then it would be funny,
but it just kind of comes off like a,
it's like when Ricky Gervais' does that shit at the Golden Globes,
you know what I mean?
He hires a staff of writers to write roast jokes aimed at people who showed up
with acceptance speeches and it's just a,
Gee,
did you win that one?
What are you gonna do next?
Slap an ice cream out of a five year old hand.
I just,
I dunno,
it's the same thing with that.
I thought it was due she behavior,
but fortunately I missed all of it,
you know,
and yeah,
he came out with the paper and reshaped cow.
It'll be epic.
Kill yourselves.
It'd be one thing of Stanford Everly actually put on a good halftime show.
Like,
wow,
this band is next level.
I get why they're trying to break the whole fucking format of it.
But if you actually watch the competitions are the best fucking college bands
out there,
they're fucking drum lines alone.
Okay.
Would destroy anyone in that band.
So,
uh,
you know,
I dunno,
every once in a while I'm a fucking conservative and I'm a conservative on that
one too.
I just,
yeah,
you give kind of fucking made an ass of yourself.
But anyways,
I just hate the deliberately bad dancing that they do.
I think if you can a mock dancing,
you should be able to dance wealth,
you know,
to just suck at it and then be like making fun of it.
Then you just fucking like,
all right.
Yeah.
It just like we thought,
yeah,
you don't have any talents.
Fuck the Stanford band.
I love their football program.
No.
Anyways.
Uh,
so while all of that was going on,
all that,
that fucking nauseatingly hipster behavior,
uh,
the looks on their faces,
like everyone in the crowd is like,
their mind is blown.
Like,
oh my God,
what's going on?
It's the fuck you read the band.
Okay.
It play in the fucking triangle out there.
You're not a rebel.
You're not freaking anybody out.
Uh,
so anyways,
uh,
we actually went out to the concession stand and,
um,
you know,
just standing the whole fucking halftime was standing in this,
in this,
in this line.
And we actually missed the first three minutes of the,
uh,
the third quarter and I'm standing in this line,
comedian Shawn Coyne from Philly.
He's fucking Hilarious,
right?
So we get all the way up there and a,
I ordered a pretzel and a water and he ordered a pretzel and something else and
uh,
I'm fucking common around.
He's still drinking,
you know,
he doesn't have to drive,
so he's still fucking drinking during the game and they hand him the Pretzel.
Any proceeds after we waited a half an hour for a food,
she hands him the Pretzel.
Any fucking just fumbled it.
It was like a bad exchange between the quarterback and the running back.
You know,
they like bump into each other.
The dude never quite has the ball.
He never quite had the pretzel and it just goes end over end and like slow
motion and falls salt side down onto the concrete where everybody's standing.
He immediately bends down and picks it up.
And I'm looking at him and he just goes,
he's like,
yeah,
it's all right.
It's all right.
I'm like,
dude,
you got to give that thing back.
And he's like,
Nah,
it's alright.
It's alright.
He doesn't give a fuck.
So I'm die lab.
Like this guy's a maniac.
It's like people walking in and out our restrooms and then coming over his
standing in this food line.
He outta your fucking mind,
but it's still kind of drunk.
So then I go over with,
we're putting mustard on the pretzel and then out of nowhere fucking lie edge
shows up and he as he has Sean for the piece of Miss Bretz loan,
he gave it so I almost fucking faded.
I was laughing.
So hard fucking thing was on the grout.
I was like,
it was like watching a poison,
but I couldn't say anything.
I was laughing so fucking hard.
So,
uh,
then we get,
we finally get back into the,
uh,
finally get back into the,
the stadium and then just the whole game just stopped.
I mean,
there was barely any scoring.
Iowa came back and scored a couple.
Um,
I was psyched for Versie cause he,
uh,
he went to Betsy,
but you bet Stanford.
And then in the next half he bet the over he won both of them.
So he picked up a buck 50 or something like that.
And um,
I don't know.
Then we just ended up going back.
The game was over.
And then we went back to,
uh,
the truck.
We were hanging out,
we got the bonfire going,
the sun was down,
and in the middle of the having the bonfire,
all of a sudden this kid comes walking by with another friend,
this Iowa Kid.
And he just goes,
he just goes,
hey.
He goes,
Hey ted bonfires illegal.
You can't have it.
It's illegal.
And Rice.
He was [inaudible] like go like,
Hahaha,
I'm just fucking around the Philly guy.
He goes,
oh,
shut the fuck up.
You fucking Blah,
blah,
blah.
Right.
And then the kid fucking puffs up his chest.
There's like 10 of us sitting here.
This camp was like,
uh,
he was like five,
six,
five,
seven.
He comes running up talking all this shit.
And I'm just sitting there looking at him like,
it's fucking 10 of us here,
you know,
do you have an oozy?
Like what,
what are you doing?
Right?
So he gets into it,
there's back and forth and next thing you know,
versus over there and it looks like first he's about ready to square off with
the guy because the guy kept walking away.
But like,
all right,
whatever,
whatever.
And He'd be like,
Oh,
have fun,
fun,
fun but fuck you.
Because we'd always had the glass thing and then we'd be like,
fuck you.
And it just kept going back and forth and back and forth.
Then finally the guys like 30 yards away versus talking to them and I thought
like,
oh,
this kid's going to soccer room.
So I got up over there and go,
relax,
relax.
And then all of a sudden I hear a bottle break
in this fucking maniac Philly guy,
right fucking based upon,
it's the funniest thing ever.
He breaks the bottle,
the pavement,
any bucket.
And he did it way too hard.
When he brought his hand up,
there was no bottle left.
He just shattered the fucking thing.
But then he liked mine.
Like he still had the bottle in his hand and this is the best part.
The Iowa kid talking shit,
never fledged.
So now he's pretending he had a bottle in his hand.
I don't even know what he was gonna do was like a fucking movie.
It's like,
what the fuck?
Right.
So the dude finally goes away as the yell of few more fucking things and um,
it was so ridiculous.
Then we went back and we,
we were sitting around and all we did for the rest of the time there was make
fun of Sean and how there was no bottle left and he actually cut his hand and we
were all just sitting there going like,
two,
what were you going to do?
What?
He's like,
I don't know.
I don't know what I always wanted to do that.
It was,
it's fucking ridiculous.
So,
um,
and by then,
you know,
actually as I was coming out of the game,
I,
I was,
I was so sober,
I had already gotten,
gotten into the fucking hangover,
so I just started drinking waters.
And,
um,
then had another two hot dogs and a hamburger and I got to tell you dude,
my body was like,
what the fuck?
And I just drove home like with a splitting fucking headache,
stone sober,
splitting fucking headache.
And um,
and then by then my knee was killing me and I was walking like I had just
written a horse from here to fucking Massachusetts and I was,
I was shot.
I came home and I just fucking just pounded like three waters.
And that was,
it was during that time where I was just thinking to myself like,
I'm never going to that game again.
I fucking,
you know,
when you're out three to six weeks with a fucking knee strain cause you went to
a tailgate,
you really got to start like looking back going like what the fuck?
But it happened to me again this year,
you know,
every year and go,
I'm going to go a little easy,
I'm going to go easy.
I want to remember as much of this tailgate as I can.
Like I passed out for like an hour of it and it popped.
Part of it was the alcohol,
but the other part was just like,
I had only gotten three hours sleep.
You know,
there's only so far you can go when you start the day off with a male.
All right,
let me,
um,
but it was one of the,
one of the best,
uh,
one of the best fucking tailgates.
And I loved hanging with fucking,
uh,
all the new people that came along.
And I am now of course,
obsessed with the Philly accent.
It's the funniest fucking accent he got.
Be At bake a soul.
Everything's a John.
Um,
alright,
hang on a second.
Right.
Let me type in my password here so I can do a couple of reads.
Come on.
I love that they make you pick such a fucking difficult one that,
you know,
it takes me like three times to type because it's some capitals and then there's
some not capitals.
Like if someone broke into my computer,
I don't understand what they would be getting.
Um,
all right.
Okay.
Oh,
Jesus.
I mean,
you know,
if I had the fucking energy,
it usually takes,
it takes me three days to get over the fucking rose bowl.
This is the third day.
All right.
Uh Oh look,
we start uh,
Boto bull bull me undies,
Mija.
Andy's no more sweaty balls.
Boo.
Doo Doo Doo me undies.
Biondi get them all for the fall.
Stick some leaves and your tanks say about the sweaty.
No Aa cause you guy and soft fucking balls.
Even in 2016.
Oh yeah.
Even again for your check.
I'd be on these.
What's the secret to New Year's resolutions?
Make the first step really easy.
Like the first thing you do every day.
Put on underwear it this year I with the old in with the new step into a fresh
new pair of me undies,
the world's most comfortable underwear.
And to see easiest resolution you'll make had to me undies.com choose from a
variety of styles and limited edition patterns for both men and women.
And there'll be delivered right to your door.
Do you know it's fucking hilarious about this is I never throw out my underwear.
I don't throw my underwear until his actual holes in them and it takes a long
fucking time.
You know
I have underwear that still from when I was in my thirties
I know I do.
Me undies is the next level of underwear.
Every parent don't be like me.
Get new underwear.
Every pair is made from their signature.
Modelle modal model model fabric proven to be twice as soft as cotton.
They don't feel better than they don't just feel better than regular undies.
They make you feel invincible.
I'll kick your ass buddy.
My balls are dry and it's guaranteed to be the most comfortable underwear you've
ever worn on your first pair is free.
Set Out.
Start Your New Year and old underwear.
Make a change and head to me undies.com/per right now and get 20% off your first
order.
Plus shipping is always free for all orders in the U S and Canada.
Smooth.
So for 20% off your first order of the world's most comfortable underwear,
head to me,
undies.com/per right now.
All right.
Dollar Shave club,
everybody.
You know,
I gotta be honest.
As much as it sucks that I lost all this advertising,
I do like having to read less so it kind of works out.
All right.
Dollar Shave Club.
All right you guys.
I figured it out.
I've discovered the key to an amazing shave.
It's simple.
That's exactly what dollar shave club.com does and why I'm a proud member like
millions of others.
Dollar Shave club.com delivers amazing raises right to my door for a third of
the price of what the greedy razor razor corporations charge and you'd have to
go down to the store to get them both my wallet and face.
Finally get some early relief.
Sorry.
Joining Dollar Shave club.com means you can afford to shave with a fresh blade
anytime you want,
which feels fantastic and for the smoother shave.
Use Fresh dollar shave club blades with their doctor cabbies easy.
It's not your average shave cream.
It's high quality ingredients that make your skin feels soft,
smooth and moisturized.
Your blade will just glide across your skin if you want.
The most amazing shave possible.
Take it from me.
Use a fresh DSC blade,
um,
dollar shave club and Dr Carver's easy shave.
Two reasons to join Dr Dollar Shave club.com/bird that's dollar shave
club.com/bar and the guys who have stuck with me through thick and thin stamps,
stop,
calm everyone you know,
one great resolution you can make for the new year.
Maximize every minute and every dollar for your small business.
I know an easy way to,
to start that anyways with stamps.com think about how much time you've wasted.
Go into the post office driving.
They're finding parking,
standing behind the old lady,
you know,
priority or,
or,
or express,
which one of these is overnight.
Try to figure that shit out.
stamps.com this is the better way to get postage.
Just use what you already have your computer and your printer to get official us
postage for any letter or package.
Then the mailman comes a picks it up with every stamps,
with stamps.com everything you do at the post office you can do right from your
desk at a fraction of the cost of one of those expensive postage meter.
I use REC.
Uh,
I use slash recommends stamps.com it's so convenient anytime I'm setting up my
poster.
So anything I'm going to sell after my shows,
I use stamps.com I'm a moron if I can figure it out.
So can you right now sign up for stamps.com and use my last name [inaudible] for
this special offer,
a four week trial plus $110 bonus offer that includes postage and a digital
scale.
Don't wait,
go to stamps.com before you do anything else,
he click on the microphone at the top of the homepage.
type@barthatstamps.com enter [inaudible] [inaudible] all right.
And that's it.
Mercifully,
that's the last bit of reading I have to do here for the fucking week.
Um,
all right,
and with that,
let's get to uh
oh.
Can we talk a little NFL football for?
I said,
well,
I have dat,
dat,
boom,
boom dude.
I would say the Patriots in Seattle entered the playoffs the exact opposite way.
I'm going to go out on a limb,
a the patriots just could not get anything going offensively.
Um,
our offensive line is just,
uh,
it's,
it's fucking shad.
It dude,
we got nobody left every time Brady went to pass.
There was someone in the backfield.
Um,
defense did great though.
I mean it was holding them to like 10 points for most of the fucking game.
But um,
hopefully we can get healthy or I don't,
I don't see us going too deep into the playoffs this year.
Seattle on the other 10.
Okay.
Daily.
Right now this is the wildcard t nobody wants to play.
Put you.
Yes.
Yourself.
Oh,
they peak too early.
Seattle look like world beaters and the way that they handled the fucking
cardinals yesterday,
they made them,
I mean,
I don't know if the car don't start at the back or not.
I watched the first fucking half and it looked like an NFL team playing a CFL
team.
Let me check out the final score here.
Um,
okay.
I mean,
I think it's just another phenomenal coaching job by Pete Carroll.
Um,
yeah.
And he's got like,
he's got them right about 36 to six.
Yeah.
They just destroyed them.
Okay.
Scoring at will do whenever the,
whatever the fuck they wanted.
You know,
Arizona special teams would look in like shit,
their field goal kicker and mixed a couple extra points.
I don't know what the fuck was going on with them and they couldn't tackle
anybody on punch or kick offs.
The only question mark I saw was Seattle was there a kicker missed another one
and Richard Sherman's hair.
That's the only thing I found.
That's the second time this year is Scherman has been brought down by his hair.
Um,
to the point they actually thought it was a face mask.
He went down so fucking his head went down.
Uh,
but other than that,
uh,
okay.
I was,
I was the guy,
you know,
a couple of weeks ago just thinking like,
Arizona and,
uh,
Carolina,
now I think it's a
Carolina is would play Seattle at home.
But I gotta tell Ya,
Seattle doesn't give a fuck.
They've been there the last two years in a row.
Um,
if they would,
and again this year a lot of people going to be like,
oh,
they do,
who one play away for winning it three times in a row.
That's absolute bullshit.
Um,
you went two in a row.
If you win the fucking thing,
it changes.
It changes you vibe,
you know,
defending versus bad taste in your mouth.
You know what I mean?
How long do you think Pete Carroll's was able to actually get eight hours sleep
after that super bowl?
Like the drive that he's had to get back because that they fucked that thing up.
Slash Malcolm Butler may one of the greatest defensive plays of all time like
battle.
You know,
there's a reason why nobody's ever won three in a row.
It's,
you know,
it's hard to stay that fucking motivated.
I think anyways.
Um,
and I know watching the Patriots when the defending Superbowl champions for
instance,
just being the Patriots,
which is bad enough,
people want to beat you bad enough,
but when you're the defending Superbowl champion,
even the shit teams try hard against you.
Um,
but anyways,
having said all that,
um,
you know,
the way Seattle's played over the last month in that last game,
like they look like fucking world beaters.
Um,
so,
and us,
I don't know if we could beat the Broncos at this point with how fucking injured
we are.
Even with their,
uh,
they're quarterback.
I,
that was hard to see Peyton manning be a backup man,
but he took it like a gentleman.
Um,
I wonder if that was his last game.
I wonder.
All right,
let's get to,
let's get to the fucking questions here for this week.
Right.
And by the way,
for all the Canadian fans,
I'm not ducking the fact that you guys destroyed us in that game.
I just haven't seen it yet.
I started to watch it yesterday and after all the,
the Hoopla and all of that shit,
I got like a minute and a half in the game and they already scored.
It was just like,
oh man.
I think the final was five to one.
So congratulations to Yukon.
But um,
oh,
I got to fix my cooler to my cooler.
Took a beating.
Both hinges.
What?
Broken as the interiors strap.
Thank thankfully a Igloo makes a repair kit night.
You know,
it's obviously an easy repair.
I got to get that fucking taken care of this week.
Uh,
that,
that fucking coolest spend to every rose bowl.
I got to fix it up here.
Who knows?
Maybe when I fell,
I'm the one who knocked the fucking lid off the thing.
All right,
breakfast it.
We go.
There's no way it did.
45 minutes.
Jesus Christ.
It's flying by,
right breakfast bill.
I'm a father of two young children and I hold a nine to five corporate job.
Don't feel bad for me though.
I love my job.
That's awesome.
I want you to love your job.
And he goes and I don't bitch.
About how hard it is to be a parent.
Uh,
he goes,
I maintain a decent diet.
I was a college athlete,
so I have a basic understanding of the human body.
Granted you and I spend our mornings differently.
I freeze my ass off every morning for five to six months of the year.
Uh,
I was wondering what you do for breakfast every morning?
I don't know.
There's,
what do you mean you freeze your ass off?
What do you do?
Oh,
you have,
I'm wondering what you do for breakfast every morning.
And then he goes on to say I'm always on the go and I'm not hungry right when I
leave for work,
uh,
which leaves me in the car and at the office for the rest of the morning.
Not a lot of options.
Uh,
beyond a banana and a coffee.
It's too cold for smoothies.
What's Amanda do?
What's your morning food routine?
Well,
when I'm being smart,
I have two eggs over easy and I have some oatmeal with a,
a banana and maybe some blueberries.
I don't have any,
uh,
bread or any of that stuff.
And then between breakfast and lunch I have an apple.
And then for lunch I have Turkey slices with a side salad.
And then at four o'clock I have a meet with a protein and six o'clock meet with
the protein and uh,
meet with the protein.
I have a protein with vegetables to fuck my brain is shot here I have,
yeah,
I have a protein with some vegetables,
meat with the protein.
And then I have a bread with some carbs.
Um,
that's what I ended up doing.
And then I just,
I stopped eating around six,
five,
six is when I have my last meal and then I just drink after that.
If I get really hungry,
I just have celery with peanut butter and I got to get back to that diet because
I've been cooking up a fucking storm,
bacon and all that type of stuff.
Um,
and I have three goals this month I'm going to make a quiche.
I'm going to make a fucking Lasagna and I want to make this hunter's chicken the
last two or Mario Batali recipes and a Dodgers chicken isn't that bad.
The fucking,
um,
the LASAGNA is pretty bad,
but there's veal in it and I just can't,
I can't get myself to eat lobster or veal.
I just,
just what the fuck they go through.
I mean,
I know the chickens and cows already have a bad enough thing,
but like,
it just seems extra fucking cruel.
Boiling something alive and,
and having something just sit in a fucking cage forever so it's softer and
tastes better when you eat.
It's just this fucking brutal.
Um,
anyways.
All right,
so what's my morning routine?
Yeah,
well,
if I was you and I had to,
I would eat,
I would get up,
I wouldn't make the time and I would at least just have some oatmeal,
um,
a man,
but I don't have kids.
I mean,
I just hear you guys talking about having kids.
Makes me glad I don't have any.
I mean,
it just seems so fucking,
uh,
just never ending.
Never ending.
Um,
I dunno.
So I will,
I will.
Well,
what do you do for breakfast?
All right.
I told you I did the whole day.
Um,
yeah,
if I was you,
I would,
you have to make the time.
I would definitely say that you gotta make the time and uh,
I think the best thing for working out,
it should do it in the morning and he'd just get it out of the way.
And then you have a healthy breakfast and that gets you on the right track to
start the day,
to start off the day.
If you're eating bad and then try to be like,
well,
don't worry,
I'm going to go to the gym later.
The problem is with bad food is it chemically fucks your body and it makes you
just want to lay down and do nothing.
So,
uh,
if you start the day,
I dunno,
just do that,
that the tense about,
I was telling you guys about the tents to start off as like a 10 jumping jacks,
10 burpees,
10 push ups,
10 alternating lunges,
10 sit ups.
I forget the fucking order.
I haven't done it,
but you can,
you can look it up on the Internet and find it and uh,
and you go from 10 and then you do nine jumping jacks,
nine burpees,
nine pushups,
sit ups,
nine alternate leg jumps,
nine squat jumps.
And then you do eight.
You go all the way down to one and then you'd,
you know,
you're pretty much winded.
And then if you want to add a little more cardio too,
it's skip,
skip rope for a round or two or three or whatever you want to fucking do.
A,
you could do that workout and like a hotel room.
Um,
but that's what I would do.
I would do something like that and that would just make sure,
you know also if you really don't have time to work out,
but uh,
really helped you during the day is to bring an apple into pack.
A healthy lunch also saves you money also gives you more of a lunch hour cause
you're not driving to and from wherever the fuck you go.
When you go right down to the cafeteria,
you knock it out,
it chill the fuck out.
You know,
you have something healthy and your afternoon break and that's the biggest
thing,
dude.
If you're not putting mistakes into your fucking mouth,
you're going to get more results from your workout and you,
you know,
you've closed the start fitting better.
And the same way you get addicted to eating bad salt,
sugar,
salt,
you can get addicted to eating well.
Uh,
which where is not where I'm at right now.
Um,
all right,
one trick pony.
Hey Billy balls.
Uh,
my wife loves you.
It pie crust video.
Oh by the way,
you know,
I tried lied in my,
um,
for my crust for the first time and it was a total game changer.
That would best crust I ever made.
It did feel weird to smell bacon is,
I was making the pie crust,
but um,
okay.
Um,
uh,
thank you to everybody that suggested that who,
you know,
the,
your,
your critique really helped my pie crust.
Thank you.
Um,
all right.
So anyways,
she as person says,
she's a fan of yours as well.
You got the pie crust video.
She's a fan of goes as well.
And it's been exposed to hours of your podcasts.
She likes you,
Bill.
Let me lead with that.
Well here comes the big fucking slap in the face,
but of course like all great women,
she still is a capacity that shop a man down at the knees.
After the video I casually said,
can't wait for the next one.
She responded in an Oh sweetie tone with ha ha.
Well how many of these tricks do you think he has up his sleeve?
This resulted in a long discussion where I defended your potential skills and
she went with the,
I love bill burr.
I'm just assuming he doesn't have much more to rival this pie crust.
Uh,
whether you can make a full series out of these videos are not.
Can you please explain to my wife that you're not a one trick pony?
And even if you are a one trick pony,
it's bullshit and unfair to assume this much.
Uh,
thanks.
Come back to Wisconsin.
Home of corruption as seen in documentaries.
Um,
well you know something.
As you get older,
as a man,
you understand where that's coming from.
Why your wife,
as you said,
like all great women always have to take you out of the knees.
What it is.
As much as you got to stop internalizing that and taking it personally,
what it is is that it's almost like a subconscious fear thing that they have.
You know what I mean?
Like when they don't know you and they see you doing something,
they have a positive reaction to it.
Oh look,
he can make a pie crust.
I bet he's going to be a great dad.
Right?
They think shit like that.
But after they get with you and then they love you and they don't want to lose
you when they see you continuing to grow as a person,
they,
I can't even,
this is a female thing.
This is like a thing in general that people do in relationships as you actually
hold back the person you love because you see them expanding on who they are
because it's something new and different and moves in a different direction.
I think subconsciously a certain type of person feels insecure,
so then they have to tether it to the ground with fucking,
uh,
criticism rather than encouraging the person.
So I think that that's where it's coming from.
But um,
as far as addressing it,
like I will just say this as far as my cooking and baking,
like you don't just know how to make corn flakes and you can also make a pie
crust,
you know what I mean?
No one had to make a pie crust takes all of your shit to the next level.
Okay.
Like,
no,
like,
no this because I can do that.
Like back in the day,
I used to look at like making like a quiche or something like that going,
oh my God,
that's fucking impossible to cross the loan or making a Turkey pot pie or
anything that involves having a crust.
Um,
you can add that I recently have learned how to smoke meat.
You know,
I smoked ribs.
Uh,
I can make all of my,
my,
my mother,
before we,
when we all moved out,
she wrote out all of her recipes,
hand wrote them all out on cards and we have all of them and we can all cook the
meals that she made when we were growing up.
Like,
I can make you a Hungarian Goulash and you know what else I can make the fucking
noodles from scratch.
I took a pasta making class,
you know,
as you suspected,
sir,
your wife has no idea what the fuck she's talking about.
What it really was.
It was coming from a place of insecurity and jealousy.
And right now she's gonna roll her eyes and be like,
oh my God,
but blah,
blah blah.
It's fucking true.
You know?
Cause that's really just like a,
just like to have like that,
that Oh sweetie tone you now they do that shit.
You know,
you go out,
he started looking a little too good.
You get a new new suit,
right?
You look in the,
that they got a fucking,
they got,
they got to make a comment.
They fucking do it with each other.
It's hilarious.
I think that's one of the main reasons that's fucking them up by the way.
You know,
and they always talk about the wage gap and all that.
One of the biggest problems with the wage gap is not men.
It's the fact that women don't get together and create businesses enough.
They just don't do it because they're too busy going to look at his bitch and
fucking look at her.
She's too fucking skinny.
She needs to eat something.
She's got on too much fuck out.
She knows what she's doing.
You know,
they don't work well together.
I don't know why but that's not our fault.
I'm sure it is.
They'll,
if you watched the video,
I'm sure they could spin it around to us.
So,
um,
yes sir.
I actually absolutely love cooking and um,
it isn't the only trick I have up my sleeve.
Um,
I could obviously make more of those.
But the thing about it was was that was a specific skill.
It was for the holidays and people have suggested,
well,
why don't you do one on an hottest smoked meat?
I,
why don't you do one about making pasta from scratch?
My thing is because she could watch Mario Batali do it.
You can watch champion smokers do it.
So I guess what makes mine different is that I make it funny.
You know,
I just looked at it as a one fucking random thing that I was going to do,
but you know,
now that she's been a douche about it,
you know what,
I'll make another one at some point.
I guess I'm,
I'll,
let's see,
what the fuck would I do?
The Turkey pot pie on the big green egg.
I mean,
I've watched youtube videos of all of those.
I just did a really saw somebody do like,
is there a pie crust video?
I don't know.
I just thought it'd be fun.
I literally feel like I'm in a relationship or right now I'm,
I'm sorry that that video annoyed you.
Oh God.
It's so fucking moody.
Yeah,
I will.
I will figure out something else.
Um,
to make one of those.
I'll do like one a year
now.
It's actually given me some ideas.
Like maybe I'll do one.
Ah,
the summer's coming.
All right.
You're going to show up to 4th of July is a quick fucking thing you can make.
You know what?
Maybe I'll do it.
I just don't like committing to shit like that.
I love not having a job,
which is why I'm a fucking comedian.
I really enjoyed this whole,
I work when I want to rather than being,
okay,
we need 20 episodes of this.
All right.
Thursday afternoon podcast got me laid bill.
Oh,
something positive.
John,
do you really think he could get somebody else laid it's fucking disease.
Um,
it's probably why we die eight years earlier just because they just won't give
it up.
But if he get yourself out in front of it next time you wife does that to you,
sir.
Next time she takes you out at the knees,
just come up to her and stroke the side of her face.
You know,
when we go out and get a new car and you'd say,
oh honey,
don't you think you're a little bit old for that car?
You know,
does one of those things makes you feel stupid,
right?
Just walk up stroke.
The side of her face has golf,
sweetie.
Don't worry.
I'm not going to leave you.
It's okay.
Shh.
I know I look in the car.
I'm sorry.
Something like that.
Some creepy.
All right bill,
last week on New Year's Eve,
my wife and I listened to your podcast after we put the kids to bed,
we drank wine and laughed our asses off.
That's great.
This woke us up,
energized us just as to throw back.
Clip came on.
It appeared that we may have sex to ring in the new year.
Well boy,
oh boy.
Not more than a few notes into the outro song.
We were going at it.
It was all over just moments after the song and it's so maybe four minutes or so
of ball dropping bliss.
My Dick.
Thanks you for the laughs and the soundtrack.
Did you guys fuck to the me on the song?
I don't think I needed to know that.
Um,
all right.
Oh here it is.
Here it is.
This is the one I wanted to read.
This is,
this is amazing overpopulation myth,
Bill,
how you're doing and I'm just checking in on your,
uh,
to inform you that if you go online and see for yourself how much arable Ara,
B,
l,
e farmland and resources there actually is in the world,
you'll see that there is enough to feed and home at least 100 billion people for
a provable fact.
I Dunno,
that sentence didn't make sense.
Did you like voice Texas or did you actually,
this is how you actually type out sentences.
Person goes.
So anytime you hear anyone say that 7 billion people is too many people.
Um,
there.
Okay.
T h e I r either seriously misinformed and or too lazy to do some research or
flat out lying through their teeth.
Like our so called leaders in scientists must be,
oh yeah,
they gotta be lying because you know,
you can't even spell there.
Right.
Okay.
Because within one to do two days of research,
you can find studies that prove what I said.
It's going to take me one to two days to find it on the Internet.
This is fucking hilarious.
Why did your days,
22 days to research?
You can find studies that prove what I say is true parentheses,
at least 100 billion.
Now I know you're in the business
of
waking the masses up just like the lake group.
Great.
Bill Hicks.
No,
I'm not.
But do you realize how serious the situation is regarding the distraction of
brainwashing as organized by big business and they're controlling family owners.
So as great as,
I think you and your comedy are mentioning,
overpopulation,
which is a complete myth,
is doing them prints these big corporations in the country who own them,
a big service and adding to the brainwashing.
Anyway,
Bill,
I know you're a great man because of the subjects you talk about during his
shows,
but please look for yourself and how much amor arable farmland there is a and
consider the fact that all food grows completely for free.
MMM.
Wow.
All right,
well I'll tell you this buddy.
I know I'm a moron,
so I just looked up,
I looked at as how many people can the earth sustain?
MMM.
And it says,
uh,
how many people can the earth support?
So 10 billion people is the utmost population limit where food is concerned.
That's the first one.
The next one says more than 7 billion people currently on the planet compared to
3 billion in 1960.
Okay.
That one does it say,
oh,
I'll do,
I'll just go on.
It's a video.
I don't want to watch that.
Okay.
Current population is three times the sustainable level.
That's a the next article.
Okay.
Um,
how many people can the earth sustain?
I'll click on this one.
I'm trying to find anything that says anything even remotely close to a hundred
million.
100 billion.
Here's a staggering stat.
According to the United Nations,
the world's car population of 7.2 billion,
it's now up to 7.8 is projected to increase by 1 billion over the next 12 years,
which would bring us to 9.6 billion by 2050.
How can we sustain all these people on the planet or rather how many people can
this plan is sustained?
That is the question.
Alan Weissman explored his latest book.
Count down our last best hope for a future on earth.
Question Mark.
Uh,
Jesus Christ,
a bunch of conversations,
bunch of words,
Saba number.
Where is the fucking number?
Okay.
Alrighty.
As the charter,
while the others is kind of the next 50 years,
we will need to produce as much food as it ever been consumed for an entire
human history.
Well,
that makes sense.
Cause there'll be the most people,
there'll be the most farts ever in the history of human beings.
There's no fucking number there,
sir.
All I can tell you is,
is if you see the environmental damage,
that's 7.8 billion people did.
If you're going to have 100 billion people,
like,
I mean,
at this point in Africa,
there's barely any land for,
for wild animals.
Okay?
It's all good.
It's all like for the most part down in the southern part of,
of the country,
uh,
it's all like roped off.
Okay.
It's finite.
You know what I mean?
They're completely surrounded.
I'd have to say that I disagree and not just by your spelling,
because I couldn't read half the fucking words you said,
even when you spelled them.
Right.
But yeah,
no,
there's no fucking way 100 billion people
and there's any sort of animal life left that isn't stuck in a cage.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Um,
and also in this last year I traveled to Singapore,
Hong Kong and Mumbai,
India.
And I saw what that next level of population looked like too.
And I was breathing that air that's Singapore.
Singapore was,
was different.
Um,
but Hong Kong and Mumbai,
India,
you could almost taste the fucking air and it was just,
uh,
okay.
It was just way too many fucking people.
I can,
I can tell you that there's no way 100 billion people.
Yeah.
And I don't understand why I need to look it up for one to two days.
Why could you just send me a link?
I would love for you to be right.
But uh,
I'm going to go out on a limb and say you're not a,
I'm going to go with the scientist on this one.
And also this also sounds like,
you know,
when people denied global warming,
okay.
Not to get all political,
but one political party adamantly denied it.
Yeah.
For years and years and years and now they've decades and now they finally just
go,
yeah,
we are causing climate change,
but you know what,
it's too late now.
So I imagine that that's what's we're going to do out here.
We have a fucking methane gas leak that's been going on and I guess that's,
it's like 10 times worse than carbon dioxide as far as getting put into the
fucking,
uh,
atmosphere as far as heating it up and all that were completely fucked.
We're fucked.
We're absolutely fucked.
Um,
and selfishly,
I hope I,
it doesn't happen by the end of my own life,
which is the exact sort of thought process that got us into this mess to begin
with.
But sir,
you're,
you're correct in assuming that I'm a fucking dope and I don't know what I'm
talking about,
but,
uh,
okay.
I've just kinda going with,
having traveled extensively,
you know,
for the last 20 years on the road and watching the population increased just in
this country.
Um,
okay.
It's a weird thing where the population keeps looking like it's sort of leveled
off.
Yeah.
And I don't know if because there's no factories anymore.
All I know is like I've,
I,
I've used to be back in the day,
if I jumped on the highway at two in the afternoon,
I was good.
And now everywhere I go there's like traffic.
And I'm just looking at these people going like,
you guys all stand up,
comics does.
Everybody worked the third shift,
how the fuck are all these people out on the road?
I didn't know what's going on.
Okay.
Do a lot of people work from home and they're all driving out to get a sandwich
at that time?
I don't know.
You know what?
Let me look up.
I heard the u s population,
it's kind of leveled off,
which has excited me.
That's exciting to me.
You know,
U s population.
Okay.
Oh Jesus Christ.
Or can you fucking population
by year?
Let's do this.
All right,
let's see what we got here.
US population by year.
Uh,
right.
Let's go back to 1997 there was 2.726 5 million and now there's 322.0 7 million.
So it's gone up by like 50 million.
Is that enough to notice what's actually,
you know,
that's significant.
Right?
Okay.
That's like a 20% increase.
I think I make it a point.
All right,
let's move on here.
All right.
Uh,
advice,
changing high schools.
Dear Belle,
I'm a freshman in high school and would like to know your perspective on my
situation.
I currently attended a performing arts high school and Major in jazz studies.
That's fucking cool.
I enjoy it and all but this,
uh,
the first semester has passed.
I found out that jazz is something I don't want to do in life rather than,
than carry on food.
The next three years of this major,
I'd rather change and major in something that would benefit me in the long run,
especially if I want to attend big schools like Harvard.
Uh,
well let's go ahead,
man.
You tried something you can give,
give realized early on,
you know,
like it and he got enough strength to be like I to communicate it.
I don't want to do this.
Anyone needs something else?
It's all good so far.
Uh,
the problem is that in leaving my current school,
I could possibly devastate the bands I'm in Jesus.
They came in and ego out of nowhere and also hurt some friends.
My director has placed me in some good bands and I even get paid money for
playing gay.
I'll see a crushing it outfield shell road to leave my director as he has put me
in a position that many others would gladly take.
This question has been tearing me apart for a while.
What do you think,
Bill?
Should I stay or should I go?
Also,
if I do decide to leave,
do you think I should tell my friends and directors that I,
that I am or should I just go out quietly?
I'm thrilled you have to do in life.
What makes you happy?
If you try and make other people happy,
that's all you're going to do and you're not going to be happy and then you're
going to be miserable to be around.
You're going turn it to a bitter person who didn't do what they wanted to do in
life and no one wants to be around that guy.
All right.
So as much as it's gonna hurt them,
uh,
you got to leave and you got to tell them and you have to tell them why you're
going to leave and just say,
listen,
I'm just not happy doing this.
I understand that I'm lucky.
And then a lot of people would kill to be in my position.
So I feel that someone should at least be happy.
It'd be excited,
you know,
if many people desire to be in my position and I'm occupying that position and
I'm not happy,
I'm doing an injustice to myself and one of you guys.
All right,
I apologize.
I'm sorry.
And then that's it.
And you know what?
It's a great life lessons.
Sometimes.
You know,
when you ask for what you want,
people get hurt.
And uh,
you know,
I don't mean you physically have to hurt him,
the bottom lip quivers a little bit.
That's all I'm saying.
Um,
that's it.
But don't go out quietly.
Don't sneak out the backdoor.
Be a man or woman about it and fucking,
you know,
being an adult.
All right.
And that's it.
And he should be commended for understanding that you don't like something and,
and not just staying in it.
All right.
Book recommendations.
Hey Bill,
I'm not to start off by blowing smoke up your ass,
but f f F is for family is a phenomenal show as me cracking up nonstop.
But I digressed.
Well thank you.
I appreciate that.
Gives me a chance to promote the show.
If you haven't watched yet,
please check out.
F is for family.
Evidently we're doing great on the old Netflix Day.
Uh,
this person says,
I remember you mentioned you read
open,
oh,
that you read opened by Andre Agassi.
So I picked it up and started reading it.
It truly is.
One of the books that's tough to put down was wondering if he had any other
recommendations that you've read of late.
Thanks.
And Go fuck yourself.
Uh,
that comedian book that I mentioned,
um,
I have it downstairs.
Uh,
it's like the history stand up comedy.
Let me look it up here.
Uh,
which is taking me forever to get through.
Cause every time they bring up a name,
I'm like,
who the fuck is that guy?
And then I look them up and then I'm on the Internet.
But it's been a,
it's been a joy,
the history of stand up comedy book.
There it is.
All right.
This is what I've been reading.
It's called the Comedians,
uh,
drunk Steve scoundrels and the history of American comedy.
Jesus Christ.
How about brilliance?
Do you know any geniuses in there?
No.
Nothing.
No nod to Pryor,
Lenny Bruce,
none of that.
All right.
Um,
yeah,
so I would,
that's what I've been reading and uh,
I dunno,
I'm in another one of those modes when I'm just playing a lot of drums and I'm
cooking in that type of stuff.
And uh,
also feeling the pressure to put out into the cooking video to shut up somebody
that I'd never met before.
How fucking ridiculous is that?
Um,
I should just let it go.
You know,
I should,
but you know what,
I'm not gonna.
You know what?
Maybe I'll make a fuck.
I'll make a breakfast one.
I made a pie one,
I'll make a lunch one.
I'll make a delta or a supper one.
I'll do it all throughout the fucking years.
All right,
Dan.
Appeal basic cooking by a basic client.
All right.
Debts,
the podcast for this week.
Go fuck yourselves.
I'll check in on you on Thursday.
Um,
it's a brand new year.
I have like two standup gigs booked because I'm trying to figure out what the
fuck is going to go on with this show for going to get a second season.
I need to know,
but uh,
I think I'm just going to start booking shit.
Um,
cause that's how this business works.
You know,
if you,
uh,
do you poke a bunch of shit,
then they just go,
oh well let's fucking give you something right in the middle of all that other
shit that you booked.
If you don't book anything,
then you just going to be staring at your phone and it's never going to ring.
What are you fucking which billion to sue units?
Superstitious stuff.
Well,
maybe I am,
I have no idea.
But,
uh,
Paul Versey is going to try to not drink starting today until the beginning of
April.
And I told him that I would,
I've sorta halfass committed that I would do it with them.
Um,
so I'm sort of on the wagon right now.
I didn't drink last night.
I don't really have any desire to do it today.
I'm fucking wiped out,
so we'll see.
I'm going to try and see.
I'll try and go as long as they can.
Uh,
all right.
That's it.
Go Fuck Yourself.
So talk to you on Thursday.